Huzzah! Liberty At Last!

Talk about an eventful week.
I got my wisdom teeth removed, deleted Windows, and installed Linux mint.
My teeth still hurt a little bit, but I'll be okay.
To anyone currently installing apps on Linux Mint:
Use the app's website first.
Don't be afraid to run commands in the terminal.
Don't make software manager your first option, make it your second option.
Only compile the app from the source code if the other two options don't work and you can't find a third party download elsewhere that's safe.
Make sure "Show Hidden Files" is turned on as well.
Especially only download OBS Studio from the website.
Plugins didn't work with the flatpak version from software manager.
I learned the hard way.
My #1 concern when switching from Windows to Linux was that I would be unable to continue creating digital art.
That concern is now dead.
I used to rely solely on Paint Tool SAI.
I now use a combination of GIMP, Krita, and Inkscape.
To my surprise, GIMP somehow ended up being the easiest one to use for curved lines.
It's not 2008 anymore.
It's 2025 and GIMP actually runs smooth and feels modern now.
The printer connected automatically to my computer.
The scanner on my printer worked immediately after I installed an app called Xsane.
I didn't even have to install any printer drivers.
My computer turns on and off so fast now that I actually feel like I'm living in the future.
Games run smoother now.
There's no telemetry.
There's not 20 billion fucking background processes running that I don't know about.
Microsoft doesn't own my computer anymore.
I own my computer now.
What took me a year and a half to do in Windows only took me 3 days in Linux.
I'm free!
To celebrate, I made a Linux version of my Ikemen GO build which will be available for download after I upload this text file.
I have two questions for anyone still on Windows or Mac.
How much is your time worth to you?
Would you like to step on the gas?
Linux will speed your shit right up.
Give it a shot in a live enviornment or in a virtual machine and you may like it!











