One Year Of Stazzy Station

Happy J3 everybody!

I'm sorry I wasn't around to wish you a merry Christmas or a happy New Year, but it's for a good reason.
I started working on a major project and it took up more of my time than I would like to admit.
December flew by, and before I knew it, the year was over.
My main focus for right now will be finishing this project.
Here's the plan.
This project will be released in two versions.
Sardonyx Edition and Opal Edition.
It will be called "The King Of Fighters GO."
As you can guess, it uses the Ikemen GO engine and brings you the best KOF characters, stages, and music.
With the release of Ikemen GO 1.0 being in the near future, I want to make two versions to accommodate everyone as much as possible.
The King Of Fighters GO Sardonyx Edition will be created for everyone who wants to play the game as soon as possible.
The King Of Fighters GO Opal Edition will be created for everyone who wants all the new features that the Ikemen GO engine has to offer.
Both versions will feature the same characters, stages, and music.
I will also use POTS's engine add ons to enrich the experience as much as possible.
Before I go on, I must warn you that this project is Linux exclusive and that I have no intention of porting it over to Windows or Mac.
If you wish to port it over yourself, I give you my full permission to do so.
Here's what you can expect from both versions.

v0.99.0 (The King Of Fighters GO Sardonyx Edition)
--------------------------------------------------
1. Characters from Ikaruga, Ahuron, Thedge, Buckus, 1%, and Black. (Character AI will be set to maximum wherever possible.)
2. Stages from Noside's KOF collection and Space Lift from EXShadow.
3. Arcade music game rips from KHInsider.
4. 7 blank team slots for you to customize. (Blank slots are filled by Edit from Lifeend.)
5. Mugen1 screen pack remix by POTS.
6. Mugen1 life bar remix by POTS.
7. Dramatic zoom by POTS.
8. Attack data display by POTS.
9. Active tag by POTS.

v1.0 (The King Of Fighters GO Opal Edition)
-------------------------------------------
1. Everything from Sardonyx Edition.
2. Universal Clashing System by POTS.
3. Auto Stage Camera by POTS.
4. Shadow Assist System by POTS.
5. Rainbow Edition by POTS.
6. Universal Dash Cancel by POTS.
7. Jim Ross Commentator by POTS.
8. Every new feature from Ikemen GO v1.0.

Sardonyx Edition release date: ASAP! SOON! BEFORE FEBRUARY!
Opal Edition release date: Sometime after Ikemen GO v1.0 stable releases.
